All right.
So in this lesson, I want to customize a configuration setting for our just testing library.
And the settings for this library are going to be found in a single file at the top level of our job
search project.
It is this file right here, just configs.
And if you open this file, you'll see that it consists of a basic JavaScript object with a preset property.
Now what I want to add to this object, which of course is the settings for just what I want to add
to this object, is going to be a new test match property.
And in the previous lesson in that article I provided the direct property and its value.
So you can go ahead and copy that directly over.
So I'm going to do that on my end right here, paste the below.
And then I just want to take a quick couple of seconds to describe exactly what is going on here.
So what this property sets is the file extensions that just is going to look for when it's trying to
determine the test files in our project.
So, for example, right here in our test directory, if you expand that, you'll see that we have a
sample test file and it is called example that spec docs.
Now by default the view configures just so that it only looks for test files with a dot specked extension.
And that is totally fine.
But another common convention that you'll see across JavaScript code bases is test files that end with
dot, test dot.
Yes.
So there is no option that is inherently better.
It really is a matter of personal choice and consistency ultimately in your team's code base.
However, with this setting that we added will do is it will recognize either option, either dot spectators
or dot test dot.
Yes.
What this actually is, is an array of rejects.
Rejects is short for regular expressions, and regular expression is just a search pattern for text.
So you don't need to understand all this complexity.
But right here you can see we are designating that the file can have either spec or a test in its name.
That's basically all that we are configuring here.
All right.
And that's all the just configurations that we need to do for this course.
That's all there is to cover in this lesson.
And I will see you in the next one.